Part 1 Feedback
Ideas: 
1. How does the performance of the host country in the Summer Olympics differ from its performance in other editions?
(I will find data on medal counts for each of the Olympic games)

2. How does sleep duration and quality affect academic performance among students?
(I will find data from sleep studies for students)

3. Is salary correlated with player performance in the NBA?
(I will find data from the NBA on player statistics and salary for each player)


Feedback:
"I think your second option might be kinda hard to find data unless you hone in on a specific study. 
I like 3 and it seems to be a good scope for this project"

"I agree that finding data for #2 sounds difficult, I think 1 and 3 could both be good, 
although I bet number one has been answered already on the internet."

"Unless you already have something in mind for 2, it'll probably take a lot of time to compile enough data. 
3 is probably the most feasible. Just make sure you have enough variables you're looking at for that one. 
I think Spencer is right that 1 has probably already been looked at. 
Even if it isn't, I don't know what all you could look at to get enough variables in your dataset."

"I feel like you may have to expand your ideas, specifically for the Olympics idea 
(maybe look into medal counts for categories of events...). 
I really like idea number 3 though. It's pretty clear where you can go to collect that sort of data
and it would be really interesting to see which statistics correlate with a higher salary."


How this feedback helped me: 
This feedback helped me to narrow down which idea I wanted to use. After receiving feedback, I decided to go with my third question because there was probably more readily available information on the internet and it was the most interesting topic out of my three ideas.




Based on all this feedback, I decided to go with my third idea. None of my feedback necessarily changed my topic, but it 
helped me to ensure that I had enough information.
