Part 2 Feedback: Feedback about my first blog post

1. "In the introduction maybe you could describe generally how you are going to evaluate player performance. 
You ask the question "Are the best players getting paid the most?", 
so maybe you could briefly mention how you are quantifying "best" 
(with a more in depth explanation later on in the project of course)."

2. "If you would like, it might be helpful to include some code chunks for the 
reader that show specifics of your data collection process. You break it down 
step by step, so it might be helpful to have some code chunks for each step."

3. "This looks good. I would suggest maybe writing a bit more about the cleaning process. 
You mentioned there were some variables you did not want to include, so it might be a good 
idea to talk about the structure of the data that was scraped and how you decided what to keep and what to throw out."

4. "Hey Tyler, nice post! I'd love to hear a little more about the rows or columns you didn't need 
or maybe share some struggles you had while cleaning. (everyone loves a drama, right?)"

5. "I think the post is great. Very pithy, which I like. I write for a newspaper, so my mind always picks out little 
things to edit. I don’t love the redundancy of “unnecessary columns I wasn’t interested in”, and I would probably say 
“columns of unnecessary data”, “columns of data I wasn't interested in”, or “columns of data that were unneeded for my analysis”.
I would change “After all, they are contributing the most to the team they are on” to “After all, those players contribute 
the most to their respective teams.” There were also some comma problems throughout.
As far as more real feedback goes, try to center the data table on the page, so it’s easier to read an look at. 
Also consider writing a bit more on the ethical considerations (e.g. Why is it okay to have this combination of 
data all in one place?). In your first paragraph, when listing out the metrics, consider making it a bulleted list."


How this feedback helped me:
I went into more detail about the data-cleaning process and all the painstaking parts of that so the reader can understand better how I went about cleaning the data. I also added the table with all the variables and a few rows so the reader can get a better understanding of the data I collected.

Here is the SHA number of my first draft: 6a81d2da5288f106c0b510e0934299533375db7e
